README.md, before:

# fast BibTeX

<p>
  <img alt="Chrome Extension" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Chrome-Extension-1e3a8a?logo=googlechrome&logoColor=white" />
  <img alt="Clipboard" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Clipboard-Ready-0f766e" />
  <img alt="Google Scholar" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Google-Scholar-4285F4?logo=googlescholar&logoColor=white" />
</p>

Lightning-fast BibTeX, straight from Google Scholar.  
Type a reference, click once, and your clipboard is ready to paste.

## ✨ Why you'll like it

- ⚡ One click = BibTeX in your clipboard
- 🧠 Minimal UI, no distractions
- 📚 Built for paper-heavy workflows


## 🧩 Install the extension

1. Open `chrome://extensions`
2. Enable "Developer mode"
3. Click "Load unpacked"
4. Select the `extension/` folder in this project

## 🚀 Use it

1. Click the `fast BibTeX` icon in the toolbar
2. Enter a reference name
3. Click "Fetch"

The BibTeX is copied to your clipboard automatically when it succeeds.

## 📝 Notes

- Google Scholar should be opened normally in a regular tab before using the extension.
- Google Scholar may show captchas or rate limits. If that happens, complete the captcha before retrying.
- Only the first Google Scholar search result is fetched, so make sure the reference name is correct.

Commit message:

Update README.md to include a summary of the extension's functionality and clarify installation steps.

README.md, after:

# fast BibTeX

<p>
  <img alt="Chrome Extension" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Chrome-Extension-1e3a8a?logo=googlechrome&logoColor=white" />
  <img alt="Clipboard" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Clipboard-Ready-0f766e" />
  <img alt="Google Scholar" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Google-Scholar-4285F4?logo=googlescholar&logoColor=white" />
</p>

Lightning-fast BibTeX, straight from Google Scholar.  
Type a reference, click once, and your clipboard is ready to paste.

Summary: A Chrome extension that turns a paper title into a BibTeX entry from Google Scholar and copies it to your clipboard.

## ✨ Why you'll like it

- ⚡ One click = BibTeX in your clipboard
- 🧠 Minimal UI, no distractions
- 📚 Built for paper-heavy workflows


## 🧩 Install the extension

1. Download the repo and unzip it
1. Open `chrome://extensions` web page using chrome
2. Enable "Developer mode" at the top right
3. Click "Load unpacked" at the top left
4. Select the `extension/` folder in this project

## 🚀 Use it

1. Click the `fast BibTeX` icon in the toolbar
2. Enter a reference name
3. Click "Fetch"

The BibTeX is copied to your clipboard automatically when it succeeds.

## 📝 Notes

- Google Scholar should be opened normally in a regular tab before using the extension.
- Google Scholar may show captchas or rate limits. If that happens, complete the captcha before retrying.
- Only the first Google Scholar search result is fetched, so make sure the reference name is correct.
